python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IJ w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IL w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FA w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IM w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py ID w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py CQ w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IP w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py FV w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IA w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IV w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IQ w
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT p
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT b
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT t
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT d
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT k
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT ɡ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT tʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT dʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT f
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT v
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT θ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT ð
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT s
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT z
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT ʃ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT ʒ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT m
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT n
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT h
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT l
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT ɹ
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT j
python 040d-classify-OVR.py IT w
